h2. TemporalObjects

h3. statement

TemporalObjects is (C)opyright 2009-2011 Hanns Holger Rutz. It is released under the "GNU General Public License":http://github.com/Sciss/TemporalObjects/blob/master/licenses/TemporalObjects-License.txt .

TemporalObjects is an ongoing attempt to build a confluent persistence framework for the Scala programming language. It implements a transform which was described by Fiat/Kaplan[1] and which is extended with the support for the representation of multiplicites and quasi-retroactive fluent references, as described by Rutz et al[2]. We currently prepare for the addition of a storage persistence backend ("BerkeleyDB Java Edition":http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/database/berkeleydb/overview/index-093405.html) and integration with the "Scala STM API":http://nbronson.github.com/scala-stm/. The overall target is integration with a system for computer music composition.

fn1. Fiat, A. and Kaplan, H., Making data structures confluently persistent, Proceedings of the 12th annual ACM-SIAM symposium on Discrete algorithms, 2001, pp. 537–546.

fn2. Rutz, H. H. and Miranda, E. and Eckel, G., On the Traceability of the Compositional Process, Proceedings of the Sound an Music Computing Conference, 2010, pp. 38:1–38:7.

h3. requirements / installation

Compiles against Scala 2.8.1 and Java 1.6. The repository contains a project file for Intellij IDEA 10 CE, and project files for sbt. Targets for sbt:

* @clean@
* @compile@
* @doc@
* @package@
* @console@

Note: see tag v0.14 for the example using actual audio file regions and sonogram view. The current version is stripped down to prepare for use as library.

h3. download

The current version can be downloaded from "github.com/Sciss/TemporalObjects":http://github.com/Sciss/TemporalObjects
